SDN-removal:removes SDN from 4.17 (#79740)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-operator-cr.adoc

|`spec.serviceNetwork`
|`array`

> |A block of IP addresses for services. The OVN-Kubernetes network plugins support only a single IP address block for the service network. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|A block of IP addresses for services. The OVN-Kubernetes network plugin supports only a single IP address block for the service network. For example:
```

|`object`
|Configures the network plugin for the cluster network.

|`spec.kubeProxyConfig`
|`object`
|
The fields for this object specify the kube-proxy configuration.

> If you are using the OVN-Kubernetes cluster network plugin, the kube-proxy configuration has no effect.

Reviewer: FWIW, this is still used by some certified third-party network plugins (notably Calico), but I don't know if we mention those at all in our documentation.

(Admins using ovn-k may also want believe that they want to edit kube-proxy configuration, not realizing that ovn-k doesn't use kube-proxy. So having something about the fact that ovn-k doesn't use kube-proxy may also still be useful.)

Author: Put this back in. Good catch, thanks Dan.

        mode: Full
----

[discrete]
[id="nw-operator-cr-kubeproxyconfig_{context}"]

> === kubeProxyConfig object configuration (OpenShiftSDN container network interface only)

Reviewer: (Even if you keep the minimal mention of `kubeProxyConfig` above, it may not be worth keeping the larger documentation of it here. Third-party plugins can document it themselves if they expect the admin to need to configure anything.)

Author: This is all coming out. Or are you saying there is more here you'd take out? @danwinship

Reviewer: no, I was just referring to my [previous comment](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/79740#discussion_r1706983517), saying even if you keep the reference to `kubeProxyConfiguration` there, it still makes sense to delete it here.
